ViVi's photo shooting is being taken in front of a school!
HaSeul : I visited those stores many times back in elementary school
HaSeul : Stationery store!
HaSeul : There's a lot of new junk food
HaSeul : When I was young, I was more interested in a cheap toy than junk food!
HaSeul : ViVi maybe didn't see these things
HaSeul : Many koreans played with these toys when they were young
(Shocking...)
HaSeul : I think this is a little bit disgusting...!
HaSeul : I'm going to show it to ViVi a little later!
HaSeul : (Vocal mimicry of ViVi) What is this~?
HaSeul : Cheer up! ViVi, cheer up!
HaSeul : Cheer up!
HaSeul : CHEER UP!!
HaSeul : ViVi!
ViVi : Why?
HaSeul : Look at this~
HaSeul : 3, 2, 1!!
ViVi : I don't feel good...
ViVi : I think that's weird... right?